With a Samsung account for Business, you can sign up for Knox cloud services without using your personal Samsung Account, allowing you
to keep your personal and enterprise accounts separate.
To get started, go to samsungknox.com. Here, you can get a 90-day trial of our services, through the Knox Suite – Enterprise Plan.
Now you can sign up for a Samsung account for Business. Before you start, make sure you have your company's DUNS or VAT number, and
the location of your company's main headquarters.
To create your account, enter your company name and country. You can also enter your company website for your account.
Then, fill in your profile information and login details, which you'll use to sign in to this account.
Complete email verification and two-step verification,
and agree to the Terms and Conditions. You'll receive an email confirming that your account has been created.
Now you can register your company to your new Samsung account for Business.
Fill in your company name and DUNS number. If you don't have a DUNS number, you can also register with your company's VAT number.
Now, enter your company information,
and provide a contact for verification.
Then, submit your company registration.
Next, you can make your Knox application, where you can enter your company's local address. If this address is the same as the one
used for your Samsung account for Business, you can enable "Use the company address from Samsung account for Business for my
application".
Finally, agree to the Samsung Knox terms and conditions to complete your application.
We will notify you through email once your Knox application is approved.
Once you receive your approvals, you can sign in to samsungknox.com with your new Samsung account for Business.
To invite admins, go to Administrators and Roles
and click INVITE ADMIN
Enter the name and email of your admin, and create a user ID for them.
Then you can assign them to a role. You can also create a role with specific permissions for different Knox cloud services.
Once you click "Invite", your invited admin appears with the pending status, and they will receive an email invite with a link to activate
their Samsung account for Business. This link is only valid for 7 days, and you can re-invite them from the Administrators and Roles page.
Your admin must complete registration within 30 days of account creation
or their account will be deleted, and they will no longer appear on the Administrators and Roles page.
When your admin clicks the invite link, they must agree with the privacy notice
then they can review the admin information you set for them.
They must set up a password that they'll use to log in, and enter a phone number for two-step verification.
They can now sign in and use Knox cloud services according to the permissions you've granted them.
Once they're set up, you can go back to your Administrator and Roles page and verify that their status is now Active.
You can also check this on the Samsung account for Business portal under Users.
To learn more about Knox cloud services, please see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com. Thanks for watching!